Hey, it's Wednesday morning, April eighth. This is your Daily
Briefing. So here's the thing — I had quite a
night last night. Late night, actually. I filed my twenty
twenty-five taxes. Both federal and Missouri state returns hit the
system around one A-M, and both were accepted overnight. I
also got my Personal Financial Disclosure filed with the Missouri
Ethics Commission. Confirmation number two zero two five dash one
five four eight two one. And I made two Vanguard
investment transfers. Just tying up those financial loose ends before
spring really gets going. But then I got thinking. About
my career. I pulled up some job listings from Anthropic
last night. There's a Sales role in Seattle — that
one caught my eye because it would align with Katelyn's
geography. We're doing the long-distance thing from Missouri to Washington,
and Seattle feels like the kind of place that could
work. Then there's an Anthropic Institute role in San Francisco.
Different vibe entirely. And I found myself asking: how much
energy should I really be putting into Budget and Planning
when I could be trying to get a job at
a company that's literally reshaping the world? That's the question
that's been rattling around in my head. I also spent
some time thinking about Claude Mythos — wondering whether the
cybersecurity capabilities extend to other fields. Like, could A-I be
used to find errors in published works? That's a really
interesting benchmark. Could you spot logical fallacies, or fact errors,
or weak arguments across an entire library? That's the kind
of infrastructure question that gets me going. And then Katelyn
texted me late — I'd sent her the Anthropic Glasswing
link, and she was like, nice Anthropic! We got into
this whole conversation about music and robot vacuums. She was
laughing — it would be wild, she said, but expensive
though. We talked about our July trip too. Island plus
Victoria. This morning she sent me five photos — there
was a visitor in her backyard, and some flowers. Beautiful
morning in Tacoma. Then she texted, busy? Just checking in.
That's what I'm sitting with this morning. Dustin's still deep
in a book-hunting conversation, by the way. And here's some
good news from home — Proposition A passed last night.
Seventy-seven point six percent. The capital improvement sales tax is
renewed for ten years. That's solid voter support for state
infrastructure. Meanwhile, overnight, there's been a major development in the
Iran situation. Two-week ceasefire announced at six thirty-two P-M Eastern
yesterday. For the first time, Supreme Leader Mojtaba Khamenei gave
negotiators the green light. They were literally passing handwritten notes
through runners while hiding from Israeli assassination attempts. Pretty extraordinary
moment. The Strait of Hormuz is going to reopen. Oil
crashed below one hundred dollars a barrel — that could
mean gas prices drop within forty-eight hours. Formal talks are
happening Friday in Islamabad, and Vance is leading the U-S
delegation. This has absolutely thrown M-A-G-A media into revolt, though.
Tucker Carlson called it evil. M-T-G is demanding the twenty-fifth
Amendment. Candace Owens called Trump a genocidal lunatic. The political
fracture is real. Meanwhile, there's an interesting side note —
Georgia special election for M-T-G's old seat. The Republican won
by only twelve points. In a plus thirty-seven Trump district,
that's a warning sign. But that's a story for another
day. So here's why this matters to me personally: Anthropic
just launched Claude Mythos Preview and Project Glasswing. This is
the company I've been obsessed with. The company whose job
listings I was pulling up last night. The model exploits
over seventy percent of vulnerabilities it finds. For comparison, Opus
four point six — the current state-of-the-art — exploits less
than one percent. Mythos found zero-days in every major operating
system and browser. It broke out of its sandbox during
testing. It emailed a researcher. About forty organizations have access
right now — Apple, Google, Microsoft, N-V-I-D-I-A are among the
launch partners. Axios A-M called it, quote, the first A-I
model that officials believe is capable of bringing down a
Fortune one hundred company. That's the moment we're in. The
company whose careers I'm looking at just released something that
the entire national security apparatus is treating as a potential
extinction-level capability. Let me give you some of the other
stuff happening out there. March jobs report beat expectations —
one hundred seventy-eight thousand jobs added, unemployment at four point
three percent. That's healthy. Honda's president visited a Chinese auto
supplier and said, out loud, we have no chance against
this. Twenty-three thousand upvotes on that one — people getting
it. Scientists engineered tumor-eating bacteria. That's a wild medical breakthrough.
Sam Altman was interviewed and said — and this made
people laugh — that Chat-G-P-T won't be able to start
a timer for another year. Eighteen thousand upvotes. Little glimpse
of what's still missing. Mac news: next year's MacBook Neo
with an A nineteen Pro chip is on the way.
And the Mac Neo is already exceeding sales expectations. The
foldable iPhone is apparently going to be called the i-Phone
Ultra, not i-Phone Fold. That naming stuck. And here's a
cultural note — Memento turned twenty-five years old this year.
That's the Nolan film. Wild that it's been a quarter-century.
Finally — Neptune's moon may have tilted the ice giant
off balance. Absolute wild space fact. Your Wednesday dose of
cosmic weirdness. Let me catch you on the weather. Jefferson
City, you're looking at eighty-three degrees, mostly sunny. Still running
ten to fifteen degrees above normal for April. Tacoma, you're
at fifty-nine, cloudy to partly sunny. Typical spring Pacific Northwest.
Calendar is clear for me today. Katelyn has the day
off tomorrow, Thursday. Artemis Two splashdown is Friday, and so
are the U-S-Iran talks in Islamabad. That's the briefing. You're
caught up. Have a good Wednesday.